bize	b2z	b2zd	b5z	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
dize	d2z	d2zd	d5z	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
drice	dr2s	dr2st	dr5s	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
flidge	flI_	flI_d	flV_	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
fro	fr5	fr5d	fru	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
gare	g1r	g1rd	g$r	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
glip	glIp	glIpt	glVp	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
rife	r2f	rift	r5f	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
stin	stIn	stInd	stVn	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
stip	stIp	stIpt	stVp	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
blig	blIg	blIgd	blVg	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
chake	J1k	J1kt	JUk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
drit	drIt	drItId	drIt	irregular preferred: 	NULL
fleep	flip	flipt	flEpt	irregular preferred: 	iX->EXt
gleed	glid	glidId	glEd	irregular preferred: 	i->E
glit	glIt	glItId	glIt	irregular preferred: 	NULL
queed	kwid	kwidId	kwEd	irregular preferred: 	i->E
plim	plIm	plImd	plVm	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
skride	skr2d	skr2dId	skr5d	irregular preferred: 	2->5
spling	splIN	splINd	splVN	irregular preferred: 	I->V
teep	tip	tipt	tEpt	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
gude	gud	gudId	gud	irregular preferred: 	NULL
nung	nVN	nVNd	n{N	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
pank	p{Nk	p{Nkt	pVNk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
preak	prik	prikt	pr5k	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
rask	r{sk	r{skt	rVsk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
shilk	SIlk	SIlkt	S{lk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
tark	tQrk	tQrkt	t$rk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
tunk	tVNk	tVNkt	t{Nk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
trisk	trIsk	trIskt	tr{sk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
blafe	bl1f	bl1ft	blEft	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
bredge	brE_	brE_d	br5_	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
chool	Jul	Juld	J5l	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
dape	d1p	d1pt	d{pt	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
ghez	gEz	gEzd	gQz	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
nace	n1s	n1st	n5s	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
spack	sp{k	sp{kt	spVk	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
stire	st23	st23d	st$3	regular preferred: 	NULL->d
tesh	tES	tESt	tQS	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
whiss	wIs	wIst	wVs	regular preferred: 	NULL->t
nold	n5ld	n5ldId	n5ld	irregular preferred: 	NULL
